tec shop on the day courses for
youtube ers
this video is offered by pixar wall-e
new era games links in description and there
and welcome to tech news and
Yesterday during e3 Microsoft showed the
minecraft running on the road if for whom
You know I rolled if it 's the new
augmented reality microsoft
technology that for the moment is just a
promise they're showing a lot
It's very cool.
but does not know if in practice to work
the way they're showing more
Until then, okay?
It matters that the video is pretty impressive.
they show the camera as if it were
make your own roll as if you
He was wearing really cool glasses.
same and in the video the guys show the guy
creating the world out of nothing is in minecraft
in an object was there on the stage and is a
absurd experience mainly for
who is a fan of technology games fan and
It's really worth watching this video to watch.
What roley can offer I hope
that they can throw something like this
that works in practice because with
sure will be a very
interesting for those who want to see the
video link is in the description and fans of
final fantasy went crazy yesterday
during e3
during the sony conference they
revealed the remake of final fantasy 7
for those who do not know this is a classic
suddenly launched in 1997 and after
this ad a lot of people are waiting
this game for now no date was
announced and who will come first
to ps 4 it may be that after it reaches the
other platforms
The coolest thing is that it 's a trailer
showing a little of what the game is going to
be able to offer fans who want to see the
link is in good description expotec news
I'll hold a big hug and even
the next coach
super combo for and youtube version
four products for the price of one
in this as is the course as
make success on youtube
the sony vegas travel for October the
photoshop youtube and two covers for
youtube congo link in description